## wp-nemoHotel
WordPress theme for Nemo Hotel
=====================

## WordPress plugins
* advanced-custom-fields-pro
* advanced-custom-fields-table-field
* acf-options-for-polylang-master
* polylang

## All Style
(`src/scss/partials/`)

### Used [WORDPRESS/GULP STARTER KIT](https://github.com/synapticism/wordpress-gulp-starter-kit.git)
## ORGANIZATION

This starter kit uses `src`, `build`, and `dist` folders to organize theme development:

* `src`: this directory contains the raw material for your theme: templates (`src/`), PHP includes (`src/inc`), language files (`src/languages`), styles (`src/scss`), scripts (`src/js`), and images (anywhere under `src/`). **Only edit files in this directory!**
* `build`: generated by Gulp, this is a *working copy* of your theme for use in development and testing. Symlink `build` to your `wp-content/themes` directory for local development and testing (e.g. if your theme is in `~/dev/themes/layout` and your local copy of WordPress is installed in `~/dev/localhost/wp` you'll want to run `ln -s ~/dev/themes/layout/build ~/dev/localhost/wp/wp-content/themes/layout`).
* `dist`: short for distribution, this will be the final, polished copy of your theme for production. You will need to manually run `gulp dist` to create a new distribution. You can also symlink this directory for a final round of testing; just keep in mind that your theme will now be in `dist/[project]`, where `[project]` is the setting at the top of the Gulp configuration. This project folder is what you will want to deploy to production. (No more weird junk in your themes. Hooray!)

Note: both the `build` and `dist` directories are disposable and can be regenerated from the contents of `src`. You aren't likely to want to edit files in this folders but you may want to open them up to diagnose issues with the build process itself.

## WORKING WITH GULP
To get started try running `gulp` from the command line. This fires `gulpfile.js/index.js` and should build a working copy of the included theme. The other command you will use from time to time is `gulp dist`, which builds a distribution copy.

Configuration is handled by a single file: `gulpconfig.js`. 
